Improve the documentation regarding JOIN support in continuous aggregates (#2089)
timescale/docs: timescaledb/how-to-guides/continuous-aggregates/create-a-continuous-aggregate.md

```

<Highlight type="note">

> Check our documentation on [creating continuous aggregates][api-cagg-create_materialized_view] for additional restrictions that apply. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information, including some additional restrictions, see the 
[continuous aggregates section][api-cagg-create_materialized_view]. 
```

```

<Highlight type="note">
The join can be between only two tables where one has to be hypertable
and other one should be  a normal PostgreSQL table. However, the order of tables
does not matter.
The FROM/JOIN clause cannot have any other continous aggregate.
The joins type can only be INNER JOIN.

> Only equality condition are allowed as the join condition.

Reviewer 2: We should at least update this with whatever restrictions we add above.

But this also worries me because we have the same things twice. I would prefer if we have everything in one place and then link to that canonical section for joins on caggs from everywhere.

Reviewer 2: Let's merge this version as it is blocking the release announcement and follow-up on that with a new PR
